# fireblocks_client.model.transaction_operation.TransactionOperation

* `TRANSFER` - The default value for an operation. Transfers funds from one account to another. UTXO blockchains allow multi-input and multi-output transfers. All other blockchains allow transfers with one source address and one destination address. * `MINT` - Mints new tokens. Supported for Stellar, Ripple and EVM-based blockchains. * `BURN` - Burns tokens. Supported for Stellar, Ripple and EVM-based blockchains. * `CONTRACT_CALL` - Calls a smart contract method for web3 operations on any EVM blockchain. The Fireblocks [development libraries](https://developers.fireblocks.com/docs/ethereum-development#convenience-libraries) are recommended for building contract call transactions. * `TYPED_MESSAGE` - An off-chain message in either Ethereum Personal Message or EIP712 format. Use it to sign specific readable messages that are not actual transactions. [Learn more about typed messages](https://developers.fireblocks.com/docs/typed-message-signing). * `RAW` - An off-chain message with no predefined format. Use it to sign any message with your private key, including protocols such as blockchains and custom transaction types that are not natively supported by Fireblocks. [Learn more about raw signing transactions.](https://developers.fireblocks.com/docs/raw-message-signing) 

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
str,  | str,  | * &#x60;TRANSFER&#x60; - The default value for an operation. Transfers funds from one account to another. UTXO blockchains allow multi-input and multi-output transfers. All other blockchains allow transfers with one source address and one destination address. * &#x60;MINT&#x60; - Mints new tokens. Supported for Stellar, Ripple and EVM-based blockchains. * &#x60;BURN&#x60; - Burns tokens. Supported for Stellar, Ripple and EVM-based blockchains. * &#x60;CONTRACT_CALL&#x60; - Calls a smart contract method for web3 operations on any EVM blockchain. The Fireblocks [development libraries](https://developers.fireblocks.com/docs/ethereum-development#convenience-libraries) are recommended for building contract call transactions. * &#x60;TYPED_MESSAGE&#x60; - An off-chain message in either Ethereum Personal Message or EIP712 format. Use it to sign specific readable messages that are not actual transactions. [Learn more about typed messages](https://developers.fireblocks.com/docs/typed-message-signing). * &#x60;RAW&#x60; - An off-chain message with no predefined format. Use it to sign any message with your private key, including protocols such as blockchains and custom transaction types that are not natively supported by Fireblocks. [Learn more about raw signing transactions.](https://developers.fireblocks.com/docs/raw-message-signing)  | must be one of ["TRANSFER", "BURN", "CONTRACT_CALL", "MINT", "RAW", "TYPED_MESSAGE", ] if omitted the server will use the default value of "TRANSFER"

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

